Concept Entry Javascript Accessors (#3013)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/accessors/accessors.md

---
Title: 'Accessors'
Description: "Provides access to an object's properties by using the dot notation or the bracket notation."
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'OOP'

>   - 'Methods'

Reviewer: To enhance the clarity of your code, consider adding more tags. For instance, including tags like 'Objects' and 'Classes' would help make the purpose and structure of your code even more apparent

CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> In JavaScript, object properties can be accessed using accessor known as getters. The `get` keyword is used to define a getter method for establishing custom behavior when accessing the values of object properties.

Reviewer: A JavaScript object property can be accessed using accessors known as getters. The `get` keyword is used to define a getter method for establishing custom behavior when accessing the values of object properties.

---
Title: 'Accessors'

> Description: "Provides access to an object's properties by using the dot notation or the bracket notation."

Author: This was never my intention. I had no idea that my description matches with MDN, it was purely a coincident. However, i have corrected this and will be more careful about such things. Thanks for the heads up.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> In JavaScript, object properties can be accessed using accessor known as getters. The `get` keyword is used to define a getter method for establishing custom behavior when accessing the values of object properties, while the `set` keyword allows you to define a setter method to control the behavior when assigning values to those properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, object properties can be obtained using **accessors**.  Properties are established and retrieved with methods known as "getters" and "setters". 

The `get` keyword is used to define a getter method for establishing a custom behavior when accessing the values of object properties, while the `set` keyword is used to create a setter method that determines the behavior when assigning values to those properties.
```

## Syntax

There are two ways to access properties: dot notation and bracket notation.

```pseudo
const object = {
    get propertyName() {}
}

object.propertyName
object[propertyName]
```

## Example

> The following example defines a `User` class with a constructor and a getter method. It demonstrates how to encapsulate and access the GitHub profile information of a user using accessor methods.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest using a generic/fictional user and not your GitHub user profile

---
Title: 'Accessors'

> Description: "Offers access to an object's properties through either dot notation or bracket notation."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Offers access to the properties of an object through either dot notation or bracket notation.'
```

Reviewer 2: metadata must only use single quotes and there is no punctuation permitted within the description
